Include updates in NEXT limitations (#1341)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/queries/composed-queries/sequential-queries.adoc

[[next-unsupported-behavior]]
== Known limitations

> `NEXT` currently does not support updates, `DISTINCT` nor aggregations when they are used in a `UNION` query, wrapped in braces or after a `USE` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NEXT` currently does not support the following when they are used in a `UNION` query, wrapped in braces or after a `USE` clause:

* updating queries such as `CREATE` or `MERGE`,
* `DISTINCT`,
* aggregations.
```

Author: The updates and `DISTINCT` also need to be in the context of a `UNION`, wrapped in braces, or after a `USE` to be disallowed.

Reviewer: updated the suggestion
